docs: Getting Started first cluster focuses on AKS ASO (#5319)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure: docs/book/src/getting-started.md

### Building your first cluster

> Check out the [Cluster API Quick Start](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/user/quick-start.html) to create your first Kubernetes cluster on Azure using Cluster API. Make sure to select the "Azure" tabs.

Reviewer: Add in comment at top of the page something like:  "This quickstart is for provisioning a managed (AKS) cluster with the CAPI-operator and helm.  See the CAPI quickstart to provision a self-managed cluster on Azure using `clusterctl`.  The identity instructions can apply to either self-managed or managed cluster provisioning."

> If you are looking to install additional ASO CRDs, set `ADDITIONAL_ASO_CRDS` to the list of CRDs you want to install. Refer to adding additional CRDs for Azure Service Operator [here](./topics/aso.md#Using-aso-for-non-capz-resources).

Reviewer: Let's keep this and include it in the CAPI-Operator install values file.

> The recommended way to build a cluster is to install a CAPZ management cluster using [Cluster API Operator](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-operator), then utilizing a helm chart to create a workload cluster, specifically an [ASO Managed Cluster](./managed/asomanagedcluster.md).

Reviewer: Need to add in pre-requisites that people have `az` and `helm` installed.

To create a cluster manually, check out the [Cluster API Quick Start](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/user/quick-start.html) for in-depth instructions. Make sure to select the "Azure" tabs. If you are looking to install additional ASO CRDs, set `ADDITIONAL_ASO_CRDS` to the list of CRDs you want to install. Refer to adding additional CRDs for Azure Service Operator [here](./topics/aso.md#Using-aso-for-non-capz-resources).

## Creating a CAPZ Management Cluster with CAPI Operator

First, it is a common practice to create a temporary, local bootstrap cluster to deploy the management cluster. You can either use an existing Kubernetes cluster, or create a kind cluster for this purpose.

```bash
kind create cluster
```

> Add the CAPI Operator & cert manager helm repository, which we will use to install the management cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the CAPI Operator and cert-manager helm repositories, which we will use to install the management cluster.
```

```bash
helm repo add capi-operator https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/cluster-api-operator
helm repo add jetstack https://charts.jetstack.io --force-update
helm repo update
```

Install cert manager:

```bash
helm install cert-manager jetstack/cert-manager --namespace cert-manager --create-namespace --set installCRDs=true
```

Create a `values.yaml` file for the CAPI Operator helm chart like so:

```yaml
core: "cluster-api:v1.8.5"
infrastructure: "azure:v1.17.2"
addon: "helm:v0.2.5"
manager:
  featureGates:
    core:
      ClusterTopology: true
```

Install the CAPI Operator:

```bash
helm install capi-operator capi-operator/cluster-api-operator --create-namespace -f values.yaml --wait --timeout 90s
```

## Creating an ASO Managed workload cluster

Once your management cluster is up and running, you can create an ASO Managed Cluster using the [azure-aks-aso helm chart](https://github.com/mboersma/cluster-api-charts/tree/main/charts/azure-aks-aso).

Add the cluster-api-charts helm repository:

```bash
helm repo add capi https://mboersma.github.io/cluster-api-charts
```

> Specify values for the CAPZ AKS-ASO helm chart in a `values.yaml` file. For exmaple:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specify values for the CAPZ AKS-ASO helm chart in a `values.yaml` file. For example:
```

This typo is what's preventing the PR from merging.

> ```yaml

Reviewer: I'd say to specify here ONLY the minimum values required to provision a cluster and use the default values file provided with the chart.

credentialSecretName: "aso-credentials"
createCredentials: true
subscriptionID: "subscription-id"
tenantID: "tenant-id"
clientID: "client-id"
# Leave clientSecret blank if using WorkloadIdentity
clientSecret: "client-secret"
# set to podIdentity for managed identity or service principal even if NOT using pod identity
authMode: "podIdentity"

# clusterName defaults to the name of the Helm release
clusterName: ""
location: westus3

managedMachinePoolSpecs:
  pool0:
    count: 1
    mode: System
    vmSize: Standard_DS2_v2
    type: VirtualMachineScaleSets
  pool1:
    count: 1
    mode: User
    vmSize: Standard_DS2_v2
    type: VirtualMachineScaleSets
```

Install the helm chart:

```bash
helm install quick-start capi/azure-aks-aso -f values.yaml
```

> For more information on the `azure-aks-aso` helm chart, see the [chart documentation](https://github.com/mboersma/cluster-api-charts/tree/main/charts/azure-aks-aso#azure-aks-aso-chart).

Reviewer: You can remove the `clusterctl` comments since we don't even use this in these steps.

> For more information on the `azure-aks-aso` helm chart, see the [chart documentation](https://github.com/mboersma/cluster-api-charts/tree/main/charts/azure-aks-aso#azure-aks-aso-chart).

Reviewer 2: In general, I think we should always capitalize `Helm` unless referring to the command-line tool itself. That's what they do in their [docs](https://helm.sh). But I don't want to hold up this PR just for that; just pointing it out.
